# uhm-hotfix
The problem: Students notice problems with facilities, landscaping, lighting, as well as opportunities for improvement to the UHM campus all the time. While there is a campus hotline number that students could call to report these problems, this is old fashioned, time consuming, and feels like talking into a “black hole”. For all these reasons, students won’t typically use it.  The solution: Design a web app that, once a student logs in once, allows them to report a problem or enhancement idea in less than 10 seconds of effort. The page would have a pull-down list of possible problem types, the urgency of the request, the location, and a short field with which the student can provide a description.  In addition, the app provides a feed of recently reported problems. Students noticing the same problem can select a feed entry and augment the description with additional info. This also serves as a “vote” from the student to address the issue.  Each problem report would be time stamped and the administration can access the user’s email as a contact person for further information.  When facilities or other campus personnel respond to a problem, they can mark it as resolved. Students can reopen issues if they were not resolved to their satisfaction.  As a “special sauce”, use the phone’s geolocation features to automtically identify the location of the problem based upon the student’s current location.  If you pick this project, you cannot name your app “UHM Problem Hotline”.
